c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cube\Cube\bin\Debug\Cube.exe.config
c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cube\Cube\bin\Debug\Cube.exe
c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cube\Cube\bin\Debug\Cube.pdb
c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cube\Cube\obj\Debug\Cube.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cube\Cube\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cube\Cube\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cube\Cube\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cube\Cube\obj\Debug\Cube_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cube\Cube\obj\Debug\Cube.g.resources
c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cube\Cube\obj\Debug\Cube.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cube\Cube\obj\Debug\Cube.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cube\Cube\obj\Debug\Cube.exe
c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cube\Cube\obj\Debug\Cube.pdb
c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cube\Cube\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cube\Cube\obj\Debug\Cube_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cube\Cube\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF45.dll
c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cube\Cube\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF4.dll
c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cube\Cube\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cube\Cube\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cube\Cube\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF45.xml
c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cube\Cube\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF4.xml
c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cube\Cube\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cube\Cube\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
